ENH allow template strings (#513)
conda-forge/conda-forge-repodata-patches-feedstock: recipe/patch_yaml/README.md

  # list of instructions to change things
  # add to the depends or constrains section of the repodata
  - add_<depends or constrains>: <list of str or single str>

>   # you can access the data of the record being patched like this

Author: ```suggestion
  # you can use data from the record being patched like this
  # only name, version, build_number and subdir are supported
```
